# Node Benchmarking meeting 2015-08-11

## Present

+ Michael Dawson
+ Bryan English
+ Surya Duggirala

(At least one person mentioned that they could not get into the hangouts, it was marked public and Bryan/Surya got in so not sure why.  I will follow up with some other workgroup members to see if they had problems as well) 

## Agenda

+ Review actions from last meeting
+ Ok to list contact info ?
+ Corbin to give team a deep dive on - https://github.com/corbinu/docker-demos
+ Review of modules we believe should have benchmarks for and potentially run in builds: - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GlY7kP_1gOCi-uEVmwxoOeL5MjF5okgEN1nX1J74fUo/edit
+ Review proposal of what we want to do requesting hardware
+ Review of discussion in issues opened (carried over)
+ Update from Michael on minimal Acme Air for builds


## Ok to list contact info ?

We discussed what contact info should be added to the README for the probject.
It was agreed that we will add in github handles

## Corbin to give team a deep dive
+ carried over to next meeting since Corbin was not present

## Review of modules we believe should have benchmarks for and potentially run in builds

We discuss the list here https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GlY7kP_1gOCi-uEVmwxoOeL5MjF5okgEN1nX1J74fUo
The current list includes:

+   Express
+   HAPI
+   Socket.io
+   Winston
+   DB connectors (DB2, Cloudant, Oracle)
+   Restify
+   Connect
+   Async
+   React

## Review proposal of what we want to do requesting hardware

+ Michael had action to write up descript of what we want the machines
  for (carried over to next meeting) that we can use for broader
  ask if necessary

## Review of discussion in issues opened

+ We went through the items to look at what was new.  There were
  a few new suggestions for scenarios and another one for a potential
  tool that we may look at once it is published.

## Update from Michael on minimal Acme Air for builds

+ No progeress yet, rolled over to next meeting.

## Getting the first benchmarks running

+ Michael talked to the build group.  They had considered this earlier
  however, and IBM had suggested machines from softlayer might be
  appropriate.  There was no need at the time so it was not carried
  forward.  Michael is pursuing within IBM to see if we can
  get some machines from softlayer

+ Michael to add issue to github to track h/w issue

## Next meeting

next meeting to be set for 2 -3 weeks

## Actions carried over from last meeting

+ Ali to extend invitation to these meeting to somebody on V8 perf side
+ Corbin to give deep dive on - https://github.com/corbinu/docker-demos
