# Node Benchmarking meeting June 7 2016

## Agenda

* Stand up
* Actions from last meeting
* Review DCO 1.1
* Review https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/pull/42
* Open issues review

## Present
* Gareth Ellis
* Michael Dawson

## Round Table
* Gareth Ellis 
  * Working on docker file that can be used to more easily run ACME
    air, looking for feedback from Brian who had requested to confirm
    what.s being done satisfies requirements.
  * Looking at  existing benchmarks in Node runtime to see how we
    might re-use in our nightly runs.  They tend to be more
    microbenchmarks.  Still some work to validate how we might use them.

* Michael
  * Not spent as much time as I.d like front this time.
    Some time on key runtime attributes which we.ll review later.  

## Agenda items

### Actions from last meeting    

* Ali to look at issue in hydrogen mentioned by Gareth
  * Roll this over
* Michael to submit initial version of PR for key runtime attributes
  *  PR submitted, need to close discussion and land still    
* Uttam to open issues for the activities he mentioned
  * Roll this over

### Review DCO 1.1

Project wide DCO is being updated.  Any concerns?
All on meeting agreed no concerns we should just move up.

Michael to update governance to reflect DCO 1.1 

### Review https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/pull/42

Discussed, some comments by Trevor that Michael will address
otherwise ready to land.

### Open issues review

We reviewed the open issues, not much new or already covered
by earlier discussions.

## Actions for next meeting

* Michael to update DCO to 1.1
* Ali to look at issue in hydrogen mentioned by Gareth
* Uttam to open issues for the activities he mentioned

## Next meeting

Michael to set next meeting for 3-4 weeks from now.





