# Node Benchmarking meeting 18 Nov 2016

## Agenda
* Stand up
* Actions from last meeting
* membership - issue
  [#70](https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/issues/70)
* feat(let-const-var): The test for let & const & var
  [#63](https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/pull/63)
* Open issues/PR review
* --ignition-staging

## Present

* Michael Dawson @mhdawson
* Gareth Ellis @gareth-ellis
* Ali Sheikh @ofrobots

## Round Table
* Gareth
  * Busy last few months, will start ramping back up.
* Ali
  * V8 team is working on ignition interpreter.
  * working on performance of ignition with respect to Node.js.
  * looking for another server side benchmark to use in
    addition to AcmeAir.
* Michael
  * Updated benchmarking nightly runs to add v7.
  * working on benchmarking WG update presentation for
    Node Interactive US.
  * Working to help @curryKitten(Wayne Andrews) ramp
    up and start contributing to this WG.

## Agenda items
### [#70](https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/issues/70)
* no response for quite a few people.
* Ali - any need to trim list ?
* We will try to reach out directly to those who
  have not responded and review again next meeting.

###  [#63](https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/pull/63)
* Michael, a bit different from the ones we currently chart
* Gareth, possibly run les frequently and show on other pages.
* Ali, can agree it does not necessarily need to be in chart.
* defer until next meeting when Michael P will be there.

### Open issues/PR review
  * we went through and discussed/reviewed the open issues
  * Link to acmeair issue that Ali mentioned: https://github.com/acmeair/acmeair-nodejs/pull/10

### --ignition-staging
  * Ali mentioned ignition will become default sometime next year, we should start measuring
    some results to give feedback.  He will open an issue to start the discussion.

### Actions from last meeting
* Michael and Gareth to work on additional benchmarks as discussed above
* Neither us had time, roll over to next time.

## Actions for next meeting
* Michael and Gareth to work on additional benchmarks as discussed above
* all - review https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/pull/63 so
  we can discuss again in the next meeting

## Next meeting

Michael to set next meeting for early January.
