# Node Benchmarking meeting 19 June 2017
## Links
* Recording: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuni4G3-Tk
* Github issue: https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/issues/113

## Agenda

* Stand up
* Actions from last meeting
* Open issues review
* Other business

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Kunal Pathak (@kunalspathak)
* Kyle Farnung (@kfarnung)
* Taylor Woll (@boingoing)
* Gareth (@gareth-ellis)

## Agenda items

### Stand up
* Michael Dawson
  * Held session on CI jobs.
  * polls/co-ord for regular meeting time.
* Kunal Pathak
  * Worked on proof of concept for capturing memory trend
  * Tried jenkins CI job for node-chakracore. Ran into Clang issue. Need help.
* Gareth Ellis
  * Unfortunately not had very much time to work on Node recently

### Actions from last meeting

* Michael setup meeting for CI job configuration - DONE
* Anil setup a meeting to flesh out submission to Node Summit - No meeting, but Anil
  emailed me to let me know it had been submitted last week. -DONE
* Kunal to create PR to add mean (or something else) to Acme air runs. - Still working
  On this, roll over.
* Uttam is going to submit PR with info/scripts for DC-EIS - Anil mentioned that Uttam
  Is still working on this, roll-over.
* Michael to suggest updated wording for participation guidelines, roll-over

### Open issues review
* We did a good review of the open issues.

### Other business
None

### Actions for next meeting

* Kunal to create PR to add mean (or something else) to Acme air runs.
* Kunal to follow up on clang issue that is blocking Chakra core Acme air runs.
* Uttam is going to submit PR with info/scripts for DC-EIS
* Michael to suggest updated wording for participation guidelines

## Next meeting
Set for Monday July 3rd at 3 EST (7PM UTC)
